How to Apply?(Freshmen)

1.  Application form:

To be considered for admission to UNT, do the following:

	- Complete the online application at ApplyTexas before the priority date.
	o Out-of-state students can also apply using The Common Application.

	- Pay the UNT application fee before the priority date.
	o Send Fee waiver if eligible (more details in Application Fee Section)

2. Deadlines:

Apply by the priority dates to be considered for the UNT Excellence Scholarship Award. Applications received
after these priority dates will still be considered for admission to the university, but not for scholarships.

Priority Admission dates for freshmen:

Submit your completed application and application fee to the admissions office by the following priority dates:

	-To enroll for Fall session:
	o Apply by March 1

	-To enroll for Summer (3-week session):
	o May 1

** You should apply and be admitted by March 1 to ensure that all high school records and
entrance exams are current with UNT to be considered for the UNT Excellence Scholarship 
Award.

** Encourage students to submit application and documentation required by February 1st.

How early should you apply?

Freshmen applicants may apply up to a year in advance of their expected term of enrollment;
however, many high school students typically apply between July and December of their senior year.
Recommend students to start applying by July 1st.

What is the latest I can apply?

The latest a student can apply is census.

** Encourage to apply no later than the first week of school

Does UNT have an early admission/early decision deadline?

-No.

3. Application fee

The application fee for U.S. Citizens & Permanent Residents is $75.

The application fee for international students on a temporary visa, does not have a U.S. 
permanent resident card (green card), or is not an undocumented immigrant eligible for 
Texas Residency is $85.

How to pay the application fee?

You may pay the application fee by credit card, money order or check. The application fee 
must be paid in U.S. dollars and is non-refundable.

Please email adm.app@unt.edu for information regarding how to pay online.

If paying by money order or check, please mail your payment to us. 

Please include the student's full name on the money order or check so we can credit the payment to the 
correct account.

See our mailing address:

	University of North Texas 
	Office of Admissions 
	1155 Union Circle #311277 
	Denton, TX 76203-5017

Fee waivers:

International applicants who do not qualify for Texas Residency are not eligible for a fee 
waiver.

In limited cases, the admission application fee may be waived. To be considered for an admission application fee waiver
students must submit one of the following to the university:

	- Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Student Aid Report (SAR) showing the Expected Family Contribution
	  (EFC) of $400 or less.
	- Texas Application for State Financial Aid (TASFA) Student Aid Report (SAR) showing the Expected Family
	  Contribution (EFC) of $400 or less.

Freshman applicants may also request an admission application fee waiver by submitting 
one of the following:

	- College Board SAT application fee waiver (not the test fee waiver)
		o The year on the College Board waiver should match the application year in order for the waiver to be used
	- ACT application fee waiver (not the test fee waiver)
	- National Association for College Admission Counseling (NACAC) application fee waiver
		o TRIO, Free/reduced Lunch
	- High school counselor letters from an authorized high school counselor
	- High school counselor requests for application fee waivers submitted via the Common Application from an authorized
	  High school counselor

All fee waivers above must be within 1 year of your high school graduation or the waiver will not be applied and an application payment will be required.

Students can submit their fee waiver through their MyUNT portal.

Application fee waivers may be submitted via email, mail, or in person to One Stop Center 

Email: adm.app@unt.edu


