Documents Required for Admission Decision(Freshmen)

1. Transcripts

Submitting Transcripts:

UNT highly recommends electronic document submission whenever possible. Mailed transcripts need to be sent in an institution-sealed envelope to the Office of Admissions. 
See our mailing address. If you're having difficulty obtaining official documents, please contact us at undergrad@unt.edu for assistance.

Electronic/E-script Services:

UNT highly recommends electronic document submission whenever possible. Below are the Partnered E-Script Services and their details:

    -Parchment:
	o Student would have received a Doc ID (DID)
	- DID is typically 8-digits, contain both letters and numbers, and begin with TW--------
	- DID can help processors locate transcript easier

    -Naviance:
	o Transcripts are normally through Parchment database

    -Greenlight:
	o If admission email inbox was not inputted, transcript may have been sent to Registrar’s Office first

    -Clearing House:
	o Admissions will receive and download

    -TREx or Standardization of Postsecondary Education Data Exchange (SPEED):
	o Registrar’s Office will almost always received these first

    -Joint Services Transcript (JST):
	o Mostly received by Admissions however if student takes a copy to their advisor, the advisor will send the transcript memo to Registrar’s Office

    -Scribbles:
	o Admissions download every morning

Email:

Emailed transcripts CAN ONLY be sent by a school official to the Office of Admissions address in order for it to be consider an acceptable document. 
Refer to the Emails section for the correct inbox.

Mailing Address:

Mailed transcripts need to be sent in an institution-sealed envelope to the Office of Admissions address at: 
	University of North Texas 
	Office of Admissions 
	1155 Union Circle #311277 
	Denton, TX 76203-5017

In-Person & Physical Address (UPS/FedEx/DHL):

Transcripts submitted as a drop-off or in-person to the Admissions Office front desk must be in an institution-sealed envelope in order for us to accept the documents.
Our physical address is at:
	University of North Texas 
	Office of Admissions 
	1147 Union Circle 
	Denton, TX 76203-5017

2. Test Scores:

Submit SAT or ACT scores:

Freshman applicants to UNT may submit SAT or ACT scores. The writing portion of the exam is not required. UNT accepts scores that are sent to us electronically
from the College Board and ACT, or you may ask your high school counselor to send us your test scores posted on your official high school transcript.

You may be considered for admission without a standardized test score if your high school cumulative unweighted GPA is above a 3.0.

If you need UNT's college code for use in having your test score reports sent to UNT, please use the following:

	• 6481 for SAT score reporting
	• 4136 for ACT score reporting

If you will be taking the SAT or ACT at UNT and need UNT's testing center code, please use the following:

	•The SAT Test Center Code for UNT is 44328. To register, visit the SAT College Board.
	•The ACT Test Center Code for UNT is 041360. To register, visit the ACT. 

No recent SAT or ACT test scores?

UNT encourages you to send your SAT and ACT scores but they are optional. Most standardized test scores are reportable for 5 years following the year in which you tested. 
Any standardized test scores that fall within this time period must be reported by the appropriate testing service. 
If your scores are not reportable by the appropriate testing service, you have the following options:

	-A high school counselor or registrar can send a PDF of the score report directly from an official school email
	-You may retake the standardized admission test and have the new scores sent to UNT.
